hi again this year i have a back
disco pants included and I still have beer
wear the first day of school
also suitable for other school days
but now with the schools that are now again
to start
especially made for the first day he is
a bit yes I always walk widget
monroe widget with product from below
other I Friesian decodes this month
again their products to the range
added so I'm right with it
started working
the chicken of course on him is by the way
also low budget this is from spice vessel costs
a euro 99 there is another one
information from on my blog with still
other chains another chain
and a bracelet again in 99 whole
nice rose gold
not too much stress I'm going to make look
a hope i have something to do well then go
We now get to work with it after the face
eyes as always with a
eyeshadow base
when you use eyeshadow from it
keep your eye shadow last longer and
the more intense in color we let god me
eye shadow base to do I do not know
why but that happened and then saw
I also really sometimes I think it is real
necessary because of course you don't really
it works but it really works
well with me anyway then
when he went into the real me in the
lines and it didn't look like it
eye shadow base under the eye shadow as
first I use this h & m pallet
This kind of curious eyeshadow palette in
dust minute
I go this soft color one last
put in the box all over my
moving eyelid
then I take this completely eye shadow
number 53
this is a matte dark brown color and
I will turn it on in the arcade arch
this is going to try to be as sharp as possible
do this by means of a crease brush in
this is just a very pointed brush
well and yes my concerts and he in
the arcade arch is easier to reach
what the outside
I connect the line
then I go with something to tap
tapered blending brush this is from
mac this is number two must be 17 in it
really the nicest blending brush is there
I go the brown color
also apply a little bit in you above
and blur
I now take this beautiful eye shadow
from catrice this is the liquid metal
eyeshadow in number 20 cabbage in florets
and this is new eye shadows and well
yes the colors of the shine is real
insanely beautiful I go with the small
but you can also use a regular brush
I prefer using eye shadow brush
something flatter and she feels and
nice flat brush
he has purple hairs that I will go now
apply
here in the middle of moving eyelid
and along the lower lash so that I
put it in the middle
the light never falls to my eyes and seems
also with it bigger and more open to it
profit eye corners I bring some baked
eyeshadow number
duck our number 4 is this this just wants
with the fingertip
I put it in the mini's corners and what
a little video is that i wipe away with
the foundation brush that I used for this
previously have used for my foundation
to be sure
I take the eye shadows a little
I will still go with the other side of the box
apply a golden eye shadow this is
also in liquid method eyeshadow of
catrice number 30 good ardèche and
pains and the green here for the
eyeliner I use this gel eyeliner
from essence number one lover then
birds
Muscari use is the hypoallergenic
mascara from etos in black
a pulley each had to use cheese that
you just want the east pagan
can use that you have
mascara that you grow on the leaf
dry and can then be removed with
the state you just had a dry one
stick no i have remover on or so
otherwise we also do the eye makeup and here
of course we don't want that
Well ensure your foundation all day
stays nice and what is natural
can happen if there was going a little
I want my teenzone to shine quickly
I powder it off and that's with this one
powder from catrice this is also the new one
powder already with job chang control powder
this catrice brings to the lips
ultimate shine gel color in 40 don't
fourth share to a good press
color and this is him
a transparent gel color why must
i always talk and lipstick
simultaneously applying to it going
as you can see it is very beautiful
fairly transparent
color press so you can still on you
wear lips but it is not like one
bright red matte lipstick
you just have transparency
making it very portable
and thereby bring this extinguishing you begin
this the bakeplus of etos in 0 one with
I want with this stipling brush
brush this is then it secretly you
to have here is not at budget there
I it is because drugstore just
don't have a budget matte bronzer for that
very light skin so I'm going blue small
a bit more bronzer but that step
now of course skip
well i'm done this was my effect
cool book for this year i'm in too
2012 and 2011
It's a luxury included you can too
got back and maybe see what there
in between and what you might like
finds to deal with can of course
wear makeup look go for something you
she really feels at ease
important at first helped gladly one
things freak out get him choose
something you think yes that was with me
and take enough days to get a good one
so don't impress
all depends on that one day i whole
very success people thanks for it
and I'll see you next time
again